Hey
how's it gone Dave 2d here and behind me
is a very large screen from LG it's
their 43 UD 79 and it's literally a 43
inch screen so on paper a really large
screen like this seems kind of useless
right
I'm sure there's applications for
commercial or professional use but when
you think about how large our regular
screens are it does seem a little bit
excessive but here's the thing this
thing is $700 and when you look at any
review of this thing online from Amazon
B&H wherever you go
people love this panel people are
replacing their thousand or $1500
screens with this thing it's like half
the price so I thought I'd check it out
looking at photos or even videos of this
monitor doesn't really showcase how
large it is it really just does look
like a normal-sized monitor that's
someone brought in to photo shops grab
the corners and just stretched it out
it's a perfect scale model of a small
regular monitor now the build quality is
good it's plastic but everything looks
built well there are four HDMI ports in
the back but only two of them are HDMI
2.0 and there's also only one
DisplayPort there is a USB C connection
so if you have a MacBook you can connect
it up using one cable for both the
display connection and for power now
this isn't going to be a regular review
this is more of just an experience of
using this thing for a while because I
only started using it for fun but I
actually liked it so much this is
probably gonna be my main monitor for a
while obviously its main feature is its
size 43 inches is a lot of real estate
now I've connected computers to TVs
before but I've never used a monitor
this big and the size is awesome you
don't need to scale anything keeping
Windows at 100% scale everything appears
large and very sharp and working in
Premiere is unbelievable on the screen
so currently I use a 30-inch ultra wide
for my video editing but this thing is
better it's just more overall real
estate and when I view the video in full
screen I can see everything clearly the
image quality is good I measured it with
a spider and I'm getting a hundred
percent srgb and about 78% Adobe RGB the
colors are accurate after calibration
but you do need to calibrate it because
the default white point is quite blue
but once you do and you sort it out sRGB
color space is great and just I
deal for YouTube I tried out this
monitor with the ps4 pro and you have to
tweak it a bit to get it to work you
have to turn on this barrage setting
called ultra HD deep color but once it's
running 4k console gaming on a desk is
so nice the size is awesome for
immersion like I don't think it's great
for competitive MLG gaming because you
have to look around to see the full
screen but if you're a console casual
like me this thing is great the one
thing I wish this monitor had was HDR
support I mean 4k is nice but 4k HDR is
just that much better and with the
increasing number of HDR capable games
it would have been really nice the thing
is if this thing supported HDR it
wouldn't be 700 bucks I think it'd be
pushing like 12 $1500
now the one feature that makes this
monitor super special is the split
screen you can connect up to four
devices and display them all at once now
here's the thing when I was setting it
up I remember thinking this is kind of
ridiculous like who's gonna need four
screens on one display at one time right
it seems really superfluous but once
that thing's set up it is awesome so I
connected my PC a MacBook a PlayStation
4 and in Nintendo switch and this is
just a demo right realistically I would
probably only connect maybe one console
and maybe plug up a TV or something
but whatever it is the possibilities are
endless whether it's for work playing a
ton of games multi boxing I don't know
crypto mining stock stuff whatever it is
having four screens each of them being
like full 21 inch images I think a lot
of people are gonna find it useful now
the one issue to this whole proposition
is the sheer size of the monitor you
need to have a large enough desk or a
large enough workspace to actually sit
this thing on there without it looking
stupid or ridiculous because this thing
is massive you can't really tell in the
videos but it's really really large so
if you don't have a huge desk this might
not work out for you but if you do this
is pretty cool it also has a pair of
speakers which are way better than I
thought they'd be they're clear and they
get loud there's not much bass which is
kind of expected because there's no sub
at least not a significant one but the
audio quality in this thing is very good
and I'm very happy editing videos or
playing console games directly off those
speakers and now you just don't need to
have external speakers the last thing I
should mention is that there's a remote
which might seem a little weird because
it's a monitor but once you start doing
the split-screen stuff you can switch
between the red
and multi-window really easily and you
also get in volume control from speakers
but that's basically it it's a pretty
unique monitor I don't think it's for
everyone obviously but if you're someone
who can make use of its capabilities you
have a lot of devices you want to
connect up and view them all at once you
want to be able to switch between them
really readily check this thing out
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs be liked it subs you loved it see
you guys next time